Update pueue instructions (#1018)
alan-turing-institute/autoemulate: benchmarks/README.md

# Benchmarks

- [benchmark.py](./benchmark.py): a script with CLI for benchmarking AutoEmulate on a given simulator and set of parameters.
- [run_benchmark.sh](./run_benchmark.sh): runs batches of benchmarks across simulators and parameters, enabling some parallelisation.
- [plot_benchmark.ipynb](./plot_benchmark.ipynb): notebook for plotting results

## Quickstart

Install [pueue](https://github.com/Nukesor/pueue). It is included in [run_benchmark.sh](./run_benchmark.sh) and simplifies running multiple python scripts.

Start the pueue daemon in the background:
```bash
pueued -d
```

> Activate the virtual environment (navigate to the right directory first):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activate the virtual environment (navigate to the repo root first):
```
